c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnlib.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnSpy.Contracts.DnSpy.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnSpy.Contracts.Logic.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnlib.xml
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.Composition.xml
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\ToolWindowControl.g.cs
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\Themes\resourcedict.baml
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\ToolWindowControl.baml
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\bin\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x.pdb
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x.g.resources
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x.dll
c:\Users\0x90\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\dnSpy-StringsAnalyzer\obj\Release\dnSpy.StringsAnalyzer.x.pdb
